README.md, before:

# VL.OpenWeather

[![Nuget (with prereleases)](https://img.shields.io/nuget/vpre/VL.OpenWeather?style=flat-square)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/VL.OpenWeather/)

Implements OpenWeahter's One Call API 1.0. As per their website, you can retrieve the following from any geographical coordinates:

- Current weather
- Minute forecast for 1 hour
- Hourly forecast for 48 hours
- Daily forecast for 7 days
- National weather alerts
- Historical weather data for the previous 5 days

## Compatibility

Starting with `1.0.0-preview07` this plugin only works with vvvv gamma 2021.4.11. Older previews should work with any vvvv version.

## Installation

Go to vvvv gamma's command line and type

```
nuget install VL.OpenWeather -pre
```

Please note that this will only work with VL > 2020.3

## Prerequisites

You'll need a free API key from OpenWeather to use this plugin. Check [this page](https://openweathermap.org/price) for more information.

## Getting Started

Check the help browser, a help patch shows you how to make a call and retrieve weather data, and a small example shows how you can build a basic weather app using this API

![](/img/sunny.gif)

Commit message:

README now better reflects what's inside

README.md, after:

# VL.OpenWeather

[![Nuget (with prereleases)](https://img.shields.io/nuget/vpre/VL.OpenWeather?style=flat-square)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/VL.OpenWeather/)


## What's inside

Wraps some of OpenWeather's APIs :

### [OneCall 3.0](https://openweathermap.org/api/one-call-3)

- [Current and forecast weather data](https://openweathermap.org/api/one-call-3#current)
	- Minute forecast for 1 hour
	- Hourly forecast for 48 hours
	- Daily forecast for 7 days
	- National weather alerts
- [Historical weather data for the previous 5 days](https://openweathermap.org/api/one-call-3#history)

### [Air Pollution API](https://openweathermap.org/api/air-pollution)

- Air pollution history

## Compatibility

- Starting with `1.0.0-preview07` this plugin only works with vvvv gamma 2021.4.11. Older previews should work with any vvvv version
- Starting with `1.0.0` stable, this plugin was only tested with vvvv gamma 5.1

## Installation

Go to vvvv gamma's command line and type

```
nuget install VL.OpenWeather
```

## Prerequisites

You'll need a free API key from OpenWeather to use this plugin. Check [this page](https://openweathermap.org/price) for more information.

## Getting Started

Check the help browser, a help patch shows you how to make a call and retrieve weather data, and a small example shows how you can build a basic weather app using this API

![](/img/sunny.gif)
